hey guys welcome back to another video
not a new video for you and today i'll
be well if you saw my last video you
will know that i asked for you guys to
put in the comments if you wanted me to
show you how to clone yourself in stony
vegas pro 13 so yeah so if you saw this
video i guess so then you know exactly
what I'm talking about so i like i like
to give a shout out to zombie gamer
chick for being the like the first one
to comment on my video probably the only
one to comment on my veil requested for
me to show the tour on how to do it so
thank you all so sorry it came out late
it just stopped raining and i'm not busy
today so we decided to do it now so
let's go okay the first thing you want
to do now is open up sony vegas put in
your two video clips of yourselves on
one side of the room and the other and
then you you know your to clear yourself
on both sides we Roman start my bed so
yeah so basically you want to do first
is when you record the video put
yourself on one side of the room and put
yourself on me on the other side then we
know what you want to do go click insert
video trap let's bring that up and way
down here insert audio track develop one
bit bring this down right over it then
inject the second video and put it above
the first video now you'll hear
now click on mask what you want to do
you give give yourself a little the
space between the two between our two
clones so let's say here and here and
over here right there nothing click this
creation right here ok scene no now you
see that they both of me in the video as
you can see there is still some a little
thing right here it shows it shows it
that it's a different video so what's
going on Pat fatter type click on the
boat put a little number here on Farah
percentage but let's say 20 and there we
go and that's basically it so that's how
you clone yourself on swinging pro 13
that's how I made my video and that's
pretty much it
so ya know you do you do what you wanted
this you know once again a shout out to
zombie gamer chick for suggesting this
I'd like to thank you alright guys i
would like to thank you for watching
remember no leave a like if you like if
you like if you want to you know just
you know don't forget to subscribe i'll
be sure to leave any comments if you
want another how-to video and I'll see
how much i'll see if i can get to it and
if i can do it yeah i'd like to thank
you all for watching Thank You zombie
gamer chick and I'll see you next time